Document Collective SLIC Functions (#800)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/slic/docs/sphinx/sections/architecture.rst

higher will be captured, namely ``WARNING`` and ``ERROR`` messages. Thereby,
enable the application to filter out messages with lower severity.

.. warning::

>    No messages will be logged if you forget to call ``slic::setLoggingMsgLevel()``.
>    All messages will be ignored.

Reviewer: Suggestion (minor):
```suggestion
   All messages will be ignored until the first call to ``slic::setLoggingMsgLevel()``
```

Reviewer: Thanks for calling this out.

Is this really the design though? 
Seems `slic::initialize()` should default to some logging for its first logger, e.g. like logging warnings and errors.

Perhaps we should create an issue to discuss this?

+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| **<MESSAGE>**       | The supplied message that is being logged.             |
+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+

> | **<FILE>**          | The file from where the message was emitted.           |

Reviewer 2: THANK YOU

+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| **<LINE>**          | The line location where the message was emitted.       |
+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| **<TAG>**           | A string tag associated with a given message, e.g., for|
|                     | filtering during post-processing, etc.                 |
+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| **<RANK>**          | The MPI rank that emitted the message. Only applicable |
|                     | when the `Axom Toolkit`_ is compiled with MPI enabled  |

> |                     | and with MPI-aware :ref:`logStream` instances, such as,|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                     | and with MPI-aware :ref:`LogStream` instances, such as,|
```
The class is `LogStream`, with a capital L, not `logStream`.  There may be other instances of this error throughout the SLIC docs.

> | **<RANK>**          | The MPI rank that emmitted the message. Only applicable|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **<RANK>**          | The MPI rank that emitted the message. Only applicable|
```
Please check and fix "emmit" elsewhere as well.

Reviewer 3: Could be referring to Emmitt Smith? 😄

"""""""""""""""""

> The :ref:`LumberjackStream`, is intended to be used with parallel MPI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :ref:`LumberjackStream` is intended to be used with parallel MPI
```
